static specs history (#864)
Comcast/kuberhealthy: deploy/README.md

### Deployment Specs

> This directory contains several ways to deploy Kuberhealthy to your cluster.  You do not need all of the specs in this directory.  Older releases are available by browing to the release tag on Github, then checking the files in this directory at that tagged revision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains several ways to deploy Kuberhealthy to your cluster.  You do not need all of the specs in this directory.  Older releases are available by browsing through the release tags on Github, then checking the files in the directory of that tagged revision.
```
